#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via langchain-core
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.29
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.6.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   runloop
pydantic-core==2.16.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   runloop
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
runloop==0.0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
